Likelihood weight is a great technique
but it doesn't solve all our problems.
Suppose we want to compute
the probability of C given +s and +r.
In other words,
we're constraining sprinkler and
rain to always be positive.
Since we used the evidence when we
generate a node that has that evidence
as parents,
the wet grass node will always get
good values based on that evidence.
But the cloudy node won't, and so
it will be generating values at random
without looking at these values.
And most of the time or
some of the time,
it'll be generating values that
don't go well with the evidence.
Now we won't have to reject them
like we do in rejection sampling but
they'll have a low probability
associated with them.